Rename codelists (#1025)
geoadmin/suite-bdms: CHANGELOG.md

- Replaced label for layer description quality.
- Reduced number of seeded boreholes for development from 10'000 to 3'000.
- Use reusable card components for hydrogeology.

> - Renamed various codelists to have more evocative names (e.g.'location_precision' instead of 'qt_location', 'plasticity' instead of 'mlpr101',...)

Reviewer: PP: Whitespace und Formatierungen einfügen
```suggestion
- Renamed various codelists to have more evocative names (e.g. `location_precision` instead of `qt_location`, `plasticity` instead of `mlpr101`, …)
```
